Detect public API surface change during CI (#806)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Visual Studio 2017+ or Visual Studio Code
* .NET Framework 4.6+

> ### Public Api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Public API
```

It is critical to keep public API surface small and clean. This repository is
using `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.PublicApiAnalyzers` to validate the public APIs.
This analyzer will check if you changed a public property/method so the change
will be easily spotted in pull request. It will also ensure that OpenTelemetry
doesn't expose APIs outside of the library primary concerns like a generic
helper methods.

> Use intellisence to update the publicApi.

Reviewer: It is unclear that this line is about.

Some nits:
* `IntelliSense`, according to https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/ide/using-intellisense.
* `publicApi` should be a file or something that can be edited/updated.

Author: Hi @reyang , just pushed a new commit adding how to enable / configure. Let me know what do you think

![image](docs/vs-code-coverage.png)

### Public Api

> Right now, we are using `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.PublicApiAnalyzers` which will validate the public APi's. This analyzer will check if you changed a public property/method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is critical to keep public API surface small and clean. This repository is using `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.PublicApiAnalyzers` to validate the public APIs. This analyzer will check if you changed a public property/method so the change will be easily spotted in pull request. It will also ensure that OpenTelemetry doesn't expose APIs outside of the library primary concerns like a generic helper methods. 
```

Author: just updated!

If the solution is complaining about the publicApi, the easy way to solve is:

> 1. Comment all target frameworks

Reviewer 2: no need for this. Just use intellisense.

Author: just updated!
